{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Luna Flesher}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo8\dy5\hr15\min24\sec38\timesinceref523664678}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo8\dy5\hr15\min24\sec38\timesinceref523664678}}\margl1440\margr1440\paperw12240\paperh15840\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi435\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Intro
\f1\b0 \
\
The year is 3517. Stupid Human Mankind from Earth has colonized the entire galaxy. It's a true apocalypse. \
But now someone is beginning to colonize them. And that someone is us.\
We, the Scamians from the planet Manipul 8, have discovered mankind's most crafty and strange technology: Dogma. \
Yet we have also found it is their greatest weakness. Give a human a little false hope, a few promises, a complicated storyline, and lots of unrealistic expectations, and they will gladly sacrifice their lives to fuel the Scamian armada.\
And before they die 
\fs22 \'96 erm I mean,
\fs24  are elevated to Systemic Glory \'96 they will feel compelled to take as many of their fellow humans with them.\
You will lead the triumphant conversion of Human Outpost HEvEN-SG8 to win back yet another planetary city to its rightful Scamian rule.\
For your work, you shall be richly rewarded.*\
\
*Celestial Brownies contingent upon good behavior.\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\f0\b Win text:
\f1\b0 \
\
Congratulations! You have converted the entire population of Human Outpost HEvEN-SG8 into Celestial Rocket Fuel.\
Perhaps you were thinking to receive your Celestial Brownie now. But your work is not yet completed. Please deposit a tithe totalling 110% of your wealth into the slot to receive the honor of converting the next human outpost, WACO-12.\
For your work, you shall be richly rewarded.*\
\
*Celestial Brownies contingent upon good behavior. Any lack of reward is entirely your fault.\
\
\
\
\

\f0\b Fail Text:
\f1\b0 \
\
}