{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Luna Flesher}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo8\dy5\hr15\min24\sec38\timesinceref523664678}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo8\dy5\hr15\min24\sec38\timesinceref523664678}}\margl1440\margr1440\paperw12240\paperh15840\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi435\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Vrod Missionaries A [Opening hook]
\f1\b0 \
\
Hello. Would you like to hear the word of Vrod?\
Your soul is covered in spiritual germs. Would you like to be clean?\
I have the good word, and the word is "Vrod."\
Would you like a free book?\
Greetings, infidel! Would you like to be a fidel?\
You seem lonely. Would you like to have friends?\
Your soul is burdened. Freedom is only a conversion away.\
Come to Vod and let your spirit be cleansed of sin-mucus.\
You there. I can see your aura, and it is full of mucus. Vod will make you clean.\
Your soul is covered in snot from the sneeze of sin. Be clean!\
Gaze into my eyes. There you will see the freedom of Vrod.\
Listen to me or you will surely die.\
Place your life on the altar of purpose.\
Our special elite doctrines will change your life for the better.\
Bored? Life has no meaning? Join Vrod!\
Give your death meaning by joining with Vrod today.\
ONE OF US! ONE OF US!\
Excuse me, would you like a free Spiritual Coupon?\
\
\
\
\

\f0\b Human Responses B [First Objection]\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi435\pardirnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
No Thanks, I like myself fine.\
Sorry, mate. I believe in God and God believes in Claude.\
I don't believe in any imaginary beings.\
Sorry, the only imaginary being I believe in is Unicr0n 5.\
What's the point? Everyone dies. There is no meaning.\
God is dead. Nietzsche told me himself.\
Facts are better than faith.\
Are you one of those UFO weirdos?\
No thanks. I'm in a hurry.\
I read about your cult online. \
Get away from me you Scamitologist!\
No way. The Bible says, "Vrod will kill you for spaceship fuel," Zohn Z:16.\
Your name tag is on upside down, you fraud.\
Do you think I'm stupid?\
I can read auras, and you're infected with an alien disease.\
It says here on Scopes that your cool story is not legit, bro.\
How about you join my cult instead?\
I can offer twice the spiritual freedom at half the price!\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi435\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Vrod Missionaries C [Overcoming the Objection]
\f1\b0 \
\
Vrod likes you more than you like yourself. Vrod is like.\
All gods are Vrod, so you can keep your old religion.\
Vrod is not imaginary. I can take you to them, in time.\
You must be weak. Only weaklings disbelieve.\
All followers of Vrod like you and will be your friend free of charge.\
You wouldn't want to walk around covered in sin-snot, would you?\
There is only one way to purity.\
Other religions are a lot of work. We require only waiting for Vrod.\
The face is a mirror in which I see only Vrod.\
There can only be world peace if you are in Vrod's loving arms.\
There is only good and evil. Join the forces of good.\
Thinking is hard. Feeling leads to the answers. FEEL!\
\
\
\

\f0\b Human Responses D [Tending toward conversion]
\f1\b0 \
\
Hmm perhaps I would be happier with Vrod in my life.\
I\'85 I can feel the spirit of Vrod moving within me.\
Vrod has whispered something in my ear.\
What you say does make a little sense.\
My soul\'85 "tickles" a little.\
I feel a vibration. Should I heed it?\
A sense of purpose 
\f2\i would
\f1\i0  cheer me up a bit.\
Hmm\'85 tell me more?\
What flavors of Kool-aid do you have?\
Well my soul 
\f2\i has
\f1\i0  felt a little dirty lately.\
Tell me more.\
What was the part about the Celestial Brownie?\
Just how glorious 
\f2\i is 
\f1\i0 the Glorious System?\
You do seem to have a special glow about you.\
Do I get to actually see the UFO?\
\
\

\f0\b Vrod Missionaries E [Helping conversion along]
\f1\b0 \
\
Yes, that's it. Feel the power of Vrod moving within you.\
Through the power of Vrod, you can be uploaded to the Glorious System.\
Great benefits are to be yours, if you just sign right here.\
Vrod speaks in mysterious ways. Yesterday, they said, "Beep boop beep!"\
Only through Vrod will you feel a sense of purpose and fulfillment.\
Sign up today and get a free sonic screwdriver.\
We're a unique religion, the first to incorporate UFO technology!\
Each convert gets their own space ship.\
Plus, saving your own soul will save this planet.\
Plant the seed; it will grow into space-faith.\
It is your density.\
Dance with Vrod in the Glorious System above!\
Each new follower gets a Free Vrod T-shirt!\
Miracles lie in wait for the truest of the devout.\
\
\
\
\
\

\f0\b Human Responses F [Converted]
\f1\b0 \
\
Yes. I see now. I must spread the word.\
Oh! I get it! I must tell my friends and family.\
Why not? Everyone needs something to believe in.\
Eh, I was unhappy with the old answers anyway.\
It's cool to be weird!\
Vrod has touched a special place deep inside.\
Cool! Now when do I get the cool robes?\
Spacedust flavored Kool-Aid.. my favorite!\
Now I'll live forever, right?\
Oh the joy! I can barely stand it! I must tell everyone!\
At last I understand. How was I so ignorant before?\
My heart has escaped the confines of its hell. Freedom for all!\
I am uplifted on the elevator to Celestial Bliss!\
No more sorrow, no more pain. Vrod has helped me see plainly again.\
ONE OF YOU! ONE OF YOU!\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}